[ci-app] Javascript – Add Known Limitations and Best Practices (#10942)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/setup_tests/javascript.md

Supported test frameworks:
* Jest >=24.8.0
  * Only `jsdom` (in package `jest-environment-jsdom`) and `node` (in package `jest-environment-node`) are supported as test environments. Custom environments like `@jest-runner/electron/environment` in `jest-electron-runner` are not supported.
  * Only [`jest-circus`][1] is supported as a `testRunner`.
* Mocha >=5.2.0

>   * Mocha >=9.0.0 has [**partial support**](#known-limitations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Mocha >=9.0.0 has [partial support](#known-limitations).
```

},
{{< /code-block >}}

## Known limitations

> ### ES Modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### ES modules
```

> [Mocha >=9.0.0][8] has gone ESM-first to load test files. That means that if ES modules are used (for example, by defining test files with the .mjs extension), **the instrumentation will be limited**: tests will still be detected, but there won't be visibility within your test. If you want to read more about ES modules, you can do it [here][9].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Mocha >=9.0.0][8] uses an ESM-first approach to load test files. That means that if ES modules are used (for example, by defining test files with the `.mjs` extension), _the instrumentation will be limited_. Tests are detected, but there isn't visibility into your test. For more information about ES modules, see [the NodeJS documentation][9].
```

### Browser tests

> The Javascript Tracer does not support browsers. This means that if you're running browser tests with `mocha` or `jest`, there won't be visibility within the test itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JavaScript tracer does not support browsers, so if you run browser tests with `mocha` or `jest`, there isn't visibility within the test itself.
```

## Best practices

> The following practices allow to take full advantage of the testing framework and CI Visibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these practices to take full advantage of the testing framework and CI Visibility.
```

### Parameterized tests

> Whenever possible, leverage the tools the testing frameworks provide for parameterized tests. For example, for `jest`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever possible, leverage the tools that testing frameworks provide for parameterized tests. For example, for `jest`:
```

Avoid this:
{{< code-block lang="javascript" >}}
[[1,2,3], [3,4,7]].forEach((a,b,expected) => {
  test('sums correctly', () => {
    expect(a+b).toEqual(expected)
  })
})
{{< /code-block >}}

> And use instead the supported [`test.each`][10] instead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And use instead the supported [`test.each`][10] instead:
```
```suggestion
And use [`test.each`][10] instead:
```

{{< code-block lang="javascript" >}}
test.each([[1,2,3], [3,4,7]])('sums correctly %i and %i', (a,b,expected) => {
  expect(a+b).toEqual(expected)
})
{{< /code-block >}}

> For `mocha`, [`mocha-each`][11] is supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For `mocha`, use [`mocha-each`][11]:
```

{{< code-block lang="javascript" >}}
const forEach = require('mocha-each');
forEach([
  [1,2,3],
  [3,4,7]
])
.it('adds %i and %i then returns %i', (a,b,expected) => {
  expect(a+b).to.equal(expected)
});
{{< /code-block >}}

> By using this approach, both the testing framework and CI Visibility will be able to tell your tests apart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use this approach, both the testing framework and CI Visibility can tell your tests apart.
```
